In today's video, I'm going to be
showing you guys the latest progression
guide inside of the forge Roblox. This
guide is going to let you guys get the
demonic pickaxe the fastest way
possible. Not just that, I'm also going
to show you guys how to make the best
armor in the entire game and the best
weapon in the entire game. Not just
that, but I'm also going to show you
guys the best places to mine and farm
money inside of the forge Roblox. As
always, hit that like and subscribe
button if you guys want to be a part of
the OG 400,000 subscribers. We're almost
at 400K, so if you guys want to be a
part of it, hit that subscribe button
right now before it's too late. Anyways,
let's hop straight into this video. So,
to start this progression guide,
obviously guys, go ahead and complete
island one completely. You simply want
to get to level 10 and save up $10,000
and then make your way over to island 2.
I think most of you already know how to
get past island one at this point, so
I'm not going to cover it anymore
because it gets kind of repetitive. But
anyways, once you guys have covered
island one, the first thing you should
go ahead and buy inside of Island 2 is
the cobalt pickaxe. This is going to
cost you guys $10,000. And as you guys
can see, this thing has a mine power of
40, a lock boost of 35, and two rune
slots. Now, don't really bother with
runes at this point in the game. For
now, though, what we're going to do is
take our cobalt pickaxe and take it all
the way up to the mine right over here.
Because with the cobalt pickaxe, you're
just simply going to go ahead and mine
any rock that you see. I also recommend
starting these particular quests. So,
Captain Rowan's quest is going to help
you guys make a bunch of money early on.
Same goes for the mask stranger. This
guy's going to give you guys some pretty
cool quests and of course pay you for
them. And down here, you want to go
ahead and start Sensei Moru's quest and
this guy's quest, too. All these quests
will basically let you guys make money
in the background while you just simply
play the game and mine rocks and
whatnot. And yeah, it's just going to be
an additional source of income. So, I
recommend starting these and not leaving
them for later. It's better to complete
them while you play the game anyways.
But anyways, once you guys have a bunch
of ores mined right up there, you simply
want to bring your ores back down here.
And the next thing you want to do is
just craft yourself a bunch of heavy
armor. Now, why do I say heavy armor in
particular? Because heavy armor sells
for the most. For example, if I make
myself some heavy armor using uranium
right here. So, 34 of any material. It
does not matter what material you use,
guys. Just get 34 of any material that
you can find. And simply go ahead and
hit forge. And yeah, you simply want to
go ahead and craft whatever it gives
you. And you want to continuously do
this because yeah, this is the best
method to make money early on when you
guys have something like the cobalt
pickaxe. And let me actually go ahead
and show you guys how much money I'll
make from these leggings right here.
Okay, so check this out, guys. So once
you go ahead and craft everything,
obviously make sure that you actually do
the miniame properly. You don't want to
mess up the miniame or you will not get
as much money. But as you guys can see,
this uranium leggings is literally going
to sell for $6,000. Obviously, you guys
won't have access to uranium. But even
if you have something basic, you're
still going to be able to make like 2 to
3,000 every single set of armor that you
craft. Obviously, go ahead and get that
armor and sell it over to this guy. And
this is exactly how you guys are going
to be making money early on inside of
the forge Roblox. And check this out,
guys. We just got a bunch of money.
Anyways, once you guys have enough money
saved up for the Mythreel pickaxe, go
ahead and purchase this. A quick little
tip for you guys. If you have the goblin
race, go ahead and enable the goblin
race because with the goblin race, you
can actually go ahead and get yourself a
discount. As you guys can see, this
thing is $67,000, but with the goblin
race, it is only $59,000 because the
goblin race actually gives you guys a
15% discount. So, make sure you guys
actually use the golden race if you guys
want to make a lot more money or at
least save a lot more money. But
anyways, with your myal pickaxe, you're
now going to go to the second mining
spot inside of the game, which is going
to be inside the cave once again. So,
this time we're going to be actually
getting a bunch of materials to make
armor. We're going to be making our
first armor set inside of the forge of
Roblox. I'll go ahead and show you guys
how to actually make this armor. So,
basically guys, you want to go ahead and
AFK mine right over here with your
Myithreal pickaxe. And once you guys AFK
here, you will be able to get yourself a
lot of these particular materials which
we are going to be using in our armor
set. The first one being I or the second
one being uranium. Third one being
mithreal or light. And one other
material we'll probably need is
something like obsidian. But if you guys
don't care about obsidian, you can go
ahead and skip this. To get obsidian,
you can actually go ahead go inside of
this cave right here and mine a bunch of
these volcanic rocks that you'll find
somewhere around here. These are really,
really difficult to get as you guys can
see. And you also have to watch out for
enemies. So, you know what? I actually
just recommend not going for obsidian
this early on. and you can just skip the
obsidian part completely actually. But
anyways, once you guys finish AFKing
there, obviously you want to use the
ores that you get from that place to
make a bunch of uh money. And at the
same time, you actually want to go ahead
and use this recipe to get yourself a
bunch of armor. So 11 eye ore, you want
to go ahead and use 11 uranium, eight
mithreil, and eight lid eye just like
this. And as you guys can see, this is
going to give you guys a pretty decent
chest plate. And yeah, this is actually
a very very good chest plate that early
on you can actually go ahead and use.
Obviously, this is not the best chest
plate in the entire game. I'm going to
show you guys what the best one is very
very soon. But anyways, moving on to
leggings. If we simply just go ahead and
reduce all of these materials just like
this. So, this is the recipe we're going
to be using for leggings. So, simply go
ahead and copy this recipe for leggings.
And finally, for our heavy helmet,
simply go ahead and use this particular
recipe right here. This should give you
guys a pretty decent armor set. And
honestly, yeah, this is a very, very
good armor set. Anyways, moving on to
our weapon. Simply go ahead and pop 12
eye or inside of this right there. And
you'll be able to get yourself a katana.
And honestly, guys, this is the best
starter katana you can make in the
entire game. But now that you guys have
decent armor and you guys have a decent
amount of uh well, a decent enough
weapon is what I meant to say, you can
now go ahead and move on to the next
step, which is to go back inside right
over here. So, at this point, I
recommend you guys to go ahead and just
continue to form these two veins right
over here. So, keep on farming these,
keep making heavy chest plates with it,
and then sell off the heavy chest plates
and continue to do this until you guys
have enough money saved up to buy
yourself the arcane pickaxe. If you guys
don't know how to get the arcane
pickaxe, you simply want to go back over
to spawn, or I meant to say island one
right here. And once you guys are at
island one, you want to go ahead and
start Brad's quest right over here. He's
basically going to tell you guys to get
his lost guitar. And to get his lost
guitar, you simply want to go into the
cave. Then you want to go ahead and take
a left right over here. Go inside of
this hole. And you want to go ahead and
get yourself the guitar that's going to
be right there. Once you guys have the
guitar, you simply want to go outside of
this cave. And you want to go ahead and
return the guitar back over to Brad or
Bard, whatever his name is. And B's
going to give you guys a secret key,
which you can then take the secret key
back inside of the cave. And this time
you want to go ahead and head right and
keep on going. And you want to take the
next right right over here too. And at
this point you should see a nice little
gate right here. So you want to go ahead
and open this gate. Go inside this room.
And here you'll be able to buy yourself
the arcane pickaxe. Once again, use the
goblin race if you have it. If you
don't, no biggie. Speaking of races, by
the way, if you can get your hands on
demon or angel, good for you. If you
can't, then dwarf is probably your best
shot. The dwarf race is honestly kind of
really, really good, as you guys can
see, for mining. And since this game is
all about mining, the dwarf race is
actually just as good as something like
Angel and Demon. But if you manage to
get Angel and Demon, definitely use
those instead because they are just
better in every way. Obviously, because
they are the rarest races in the entire
game. But anyways, once you guys have
your arcane pickaxe, let's go ahead and
head back inside of the cave right here.
And at this point, you are basically
coming up to the end of the game. So now
it's time to get grindy. This game is
extremely extremely grindy when it comes
to endgame. So, the first thing I
recommend you guys to do is get yourself
a bunch of luck potions. These are going
to be your best friend. Our next thing
is to go ahead and get yourself a bunch
of luck runes on our arcane pickaxe.
Trust me, you are going to need these.
So, go ahead, head back into the cave.
And this time with your armor, you want
to go ahead and take a left right over
here. Once you guys take a left, you
should be in a room like this. Then, you
want to keep on going down into the
cave. And right here, you will be able
to find a bunch of enemies. Now, you
want to go ahead and kill these enemies
because we are trying to look for a
particular enemy that spawns here. This
is going to be the bomber. Now, the
bomber is important because this guy
gives us minor shards and obviously we
need a luck miner shard. Luck is going
to play a huge role because honestly,
it's going to help us out a lot when it
comes to mining and making better and
better armor. So, keep on killing these
guys. Keep on going in circles in this
particular sport, guys. And yeah, you
just want to keep on going in circles
right here and try and get yourself as
many of these bombers as possible and
try to get them to give you the uh minor
shard by simply killing them. You can
skip this part entirely if you don't
care about maxing out your luck, by the
way, but I have done so and it honestly
really really helped me out. I don't
even have the best minor shards on my
pickaxe, but it's better to have
something than nothing. So that's why I
have three luck minor shards on my
pickaxe. But anyways, it is now time to
go ahead and get oursel the best armor
we can inside of the forge Roblox. And
this is easier said than done. I'm going
to show you guys some recipes to make
the best armor inside of the game. And
yeah, it's not going to be easy at all.
Starting off, let's go ahead and start
off with the best katana in the game
just so you guys actually have a good
weapon before we move on to the armor.
And to get the best weapon in the game,
you're going to need yourself four
demonites. As you guys can see, I only
have two. I'm going to show you guys how
to get demonite pretty quickly here. You
also want to go ahead and get yourself
three Magmite. Once again, I'm going to
show you guys how to get Magmite. You
want to get yourself three eye or just
like this. And you want to go ahead and
get yourself three fireite just like
this. Once again, fireite, magmite, and
demonite. I'm going to show you guys how
to get it. But this is going to make you
guys the best katana you probably can.
And in fact, I'm actually using this
katana myself. So, I can vouch this is a
very, very good katana. Obviously, there
is still better katanas than this. But
for that, you're going to need something
like Darkrite. And if you guys know this
game, you know that Dark Right is super
super difficult to get. So, I'm not
going to cover that in today's video
because that's like super sweaty stuff.
And I just want to keep this video nice
and simple for you all. But anyways, to
get yourself fireite, demonite, and
magmite, you simply want to come down to
the volcano area right over here. And
now you want to try and find yourself a
bunch of volcanic rocks. This might be a
little bit difficult to do because, as
you guys can see, these things don't
spawn a lot. So, you got to be very,
very quick when you see one because
someone else might steal it off of you.
Okay, once you guys find yourself some
volcano rock, you simply want to go
ahead and mine it all the way down to
2,000 HP. Obviously, go ahead and pop
your lock potions if you haven't
already. And yeah, you simply want to
dig this down to 2,000 HP, just like
this. And once you do that, as you guys
can see, you're actually going to be
able to see all of the ores that you get
from the volcano route. Now, this thing
is actually giving me the obsidian ore.
So, I'm actually going to go ahead and
mine this because obsidian is actually
what we need to make this set of armor.
But if you did not get what you like,
you can simply wait for 30 seconds and
let the ore regenerate. And once it
regenerates, you basically get a
completely different set of loot. So,
let me actually go ahead and show you
guys that with this rock right over
here. So, check this out, guys. So, we
got a bunch of obsidian, we got some uh
volcanic rock, and we got ourselves some
topaz. So, I'm simply going to go ahead
and wait for this to regenerate. And
once it regenerates, we're going to get
a completely different set of loot. All
right, there you go. It has regenerated.
So, I'm going to go ahead and mine it
once again. And there you go, guys.
Check that out. We got a completely
different set of loot. So, yeah, that is
how you guys can go ahead and farm a
bunch of demonite, magmite, fireite,
etc. So, that is the best weapon you can
make. Let me actually quickly go ahead
and show you guys how to make the best
obtainable armor in the game. This is
going to require you guys to have a
bunch of deem knights, so do keep that
in mind. But check this out, guys. This
is the best armor you can make. You're
going to need 14 demonite, 11 mithreal,
and 11 eye ore. For helmet, you're going
to need nine demonite. For leggings,
you're going to need 11 demon eyes. So,
yeah, this is a recipe you guys can go
ahead and use. And this is going to give
you guys the best obtainable armor in my
opinion that does not have dark. Once
again, darkrite is like super hard to
obtain, so I honestly would not bother
with it. But anyways, once you guys have
the best armor and the best weapon in
the game, as I showed you guys, I think
the next step is to go ahead and get
yourself the best pickaxe in the game.
The reason I left this for all the way
at the end of the video is because
honestly guys, demonite pickaxe is not
that much better than something like the
arcane pickaxe. They're pretty much
almost the same thing. So, getting the
demonite pickaxe, honestly, there isn't
much points to it. But, if you guys want
to complete the game 100%, then sure,
you can go ahead and do this. For this,
you're going to need three demonites.
So, get mining once again because you're
actually going to need demonites to
unlock this pickaxe. You're also going
to need $500,000. You're going to have
to go ahead and grind and sell a bunch
of things to make money really, really
quickly. What I also recommend you guys
to do is essence farming. Since you guys
have good enough armor now, you can
actually start essence farming. And for
this, you simply want to go ahead and
kill these enemies inside the volcano
area right over here. And these guys
drop something called essences. And
essences currently sell for the most
money, more than any ore, more than any
other thing. So, if you guys want to
make money really, really fast, then I
recommend just farming a bunch of these
essences. Check this out, guys. These
amount of essences are going to give me
1,600, which is this was like 5 minutes
of work, bro. Maybe even less to be
honest. So, yeah, essence farming is a
goated method of making money quickly.
And that's how you guys can go ahead and
make your 500k. At this point, you
should also be like level 100 or at
least almost level 100 or at least over
level 30. So you should have two race
slots. So go ahead and get goblin at
least. If you don't have it, then it's
fine, I guess. But goblin is basically
going to let you guys get a discount as
I mentioned before. But now the next
step is to take your three demonites
inside of this cave right over here. And
now you want to go ahead and talk to
this guy and give him the three
demonite. Once you guys give him the
three demonite with the quest that he
gives you, you want to take the key that
he gives you and take it back outside.
And once you guys have the key, you want
to take it right over here and open up
this room. Once you guys open up this
room, as you guys can see, you'll
finally be able to purchase the demon
eye pickaxe. With the goblin race,
you're going to get it for 440k. So, I
recommend using the goblin race. And
boom, there you go, boys and girls. We
have actually gone oursel and gotten the
demonite pickaxe. And yeah, guys, that
is pretty much the entire progression
guide for Roblox the forge. Hit that
like and subscribe button once again if
you guys want to be a part of the OG
400K. Anyways, thank you so much for
watching this video all the way to the
end. I'll see you guys in the next one.
Be sad.